README.MD, before:

# Data Structures and Algorithms Revision

This repository is aimed for a quick go through of some common questions for data structures.

## Topics included

### Binary Trees

Some problems Included are-

* [Take Input](./Binary_Trees/BT1_Take_Input.java)
How to take input of a tree recursively.

* [Take Input Level Wise](./Binary_Trees/BT2_Take_Input_Level_Wise.java)
How to take input of a tree level wise.

* [Count Nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT3_Count_Nodes.java)
Print the count of the number of nodes in a binary tree.

* [Sum of all Nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT4_Sum_Of_All_Nodes.java)
Print the sum of all nodes in a binary tree.

* [Tree Traversals](./Binary_Trees/BT5_Tree_Traversals.java)
Print the Pre-order, post-order, in-order and level-order traversals of a binary tree.

* [Max node value](./Binary_Trees/BT6_Maximum_Node_Value.java)
Print the maximum value node in a binary tree.

* [Nodes greater than X](./Binary_Trees/BT7_Nodes_Greater_Than_X.java)
Print all the nodes in the binary tree whose value is greater than x.

* [Height of a tree](./Binary_Trees/BT8_Height_Of_Tree.java)
Print the height of the tree.

* [Number of leaf nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT9_Number_Of_Leaf_Nodes.java)
Print the count of the number of leaf nodes in a binary tree.

* [Nodes at depth K](./Binary_Trees/BT10_Print_Nodes_At_Depth_K.java)
Print all the nodes which are at depth k of a binary tree.

* [Replace nodes with depth](./Binary_Trees/BT11_Replace_Nodes_With_Depth.java)
Replace the nodes with their depth and print them(in-order).

* [Is Node Present](./Binary_Trees/BT12_Is_Node_Present.java)
Prints boolean for a node present in a binary tree.

* [Nodes Without Siblings](./Binary_Trees/BT13_Nodes_Without_Sibling.java)
Prints all the nodes of a binary tree which dont have a sibling.

* [Remove leaf nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT14_Remove_All_Leaf_Nodes.java)
Removes all the leaf nodes from a binary tree and prints it level order wise.

* [Mirror Binary Tree](./Binary_Trees/BT15_Mirror_Binary_Tree.java)
Mirror a binary tree and print its element in the specified format.

* [Check Balanced Binary Tree](./Binary_Trees/BT16_Check_Balanced.java)
Check if given binary tree is balanced or not.

* [Diameter Binary Tree](./Binary_Trees/BT17_Diameter_Binary_Tree.java)
Find out the diameter of a given binary tree.

* [Build Tree Using Inorder and Preorder](./Binary_Trees/BT18_Build_Using_In_Pre.java)
Build tree when inorder and preorder traversals are given.

* [Build Tree Using Inorder and Postorder](./Binary_Trees/BT19_Build_Using_In_Post.java)
Build tree when inorder and postorder traversals are given.

* [Create and insert duplicate nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT20_Create_Insert_Duplicate_Node.java)
 For each node create a new duplicate node, and insert that duplicate as left child of the original node.

* [Find min and max in a binary tree](./Binary_Trees/BT21_Min_Max.java)
 Return the minimum and maximum node value in a tree as a pair

* [Find path from root to leaf equals a sum k](./Binary_Trees/BT22_Path_Sum_Root_To_Leaf.java)
 Given a binary tree and a number k, print out all root to leaf paths where the sum of all nodes value is same as the given number k.

* [Print nodes at distance k from node](./Binary_Trees/BT23_Print_Nodes_At_Distance_K.java)
 Given a binary tree, a node and an integer K, print nodes which are at K distance from the the given node.

Commit message:

Longest Leaf to root path

README.MD, after:

# Data Structures and Algorithms Revision

This repository is aimed for a quick go through of some common questions for data structures. The solutions are made by me, if you have a better way of solving any of these problems do contribute.

## Topics included

### Binary Trees

Some problems Included are-

* [Take Input](./Binary_Trees/BT1_Take_Input.java)
How to take input of a tree recursively.

* [Take Input Level Wise](./Binary_Trees/BT2_Take_Input_Level_Wise.java)
How to take input of a tree level wise.

* [Count Nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT3_Count_Nodes.java)
Print the count of the number of nodes in a binary tree.

* [Sum of all Nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT4_Sum_Of_All_Nodes.java)
Print the sum of all nodes in a binary tree.

* [Tree Traversals](./Binary_Trees/BT5_Tree_Traversals.java)
Print the Pre-order, post-order, in-order and level-order traversals of a binary tree.

* [Max node value](./Binary_Trees/BT6_Maximum_Node_Value.java)
Print the maximum value node in a binary tree.

* [Nodes greater than X](./Binary_Trees/BT7_Nodes_Greater_Than_X.java)
Print all the nodes in the binary tree whose value is greater than x.

* [Height of a tree](./Binary_Trees/BT8_Height_Of_Tree.java)
Print the height of the tree.

* [Number of leaf nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT9_Number_Of_Leaf_Nodes.java)
Print the count of the number of leaf nodes in a binary tree.

* [Nodes at depth K](./Binary_Trees/BT10_Print_Nodes_At_Depth_K.java)
Print all the nodes which are at depth k of a binary tree.

* [Replace nodes with depth](./Binary_Trees/BT11_Replace_Nodes_With_Depth.java)
Replace the nodes with their depth and print them(in-order).

* [Is Node Present](./Binary_Trees/BT12_Is_Node_Present.java)
Prints boolean for a node present in a binary tree.

* [Nodes Without Siblings](./Binary_Trees/BT13_Nodes_Without_Sibling.java)
Prints all the nodes of a binary tree which dont have a sibling.

* [Remove leaf nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT14_Remove_All_Leaf_Nodes.java)
Removes all the leaf nodes from a binary tree and prints it level order wise.

* [Mirror Binary Tree](./Binary_Trees/BT15_Mirror_Binary_Tree.java)
Mirror a binary tree and print its element in the specified format.

* [Check Balanced Binary Tree](./Binary_Trees/BT16_Check_Balanced.java)
Check if given binary tree is balanced or not.

* [Diameter Binary Tree](./Binary_Trees/BT17_Diameter_Binary_Tree.java)
Find out the diameter of a given binary tree.

* [Build Tree Using Inorder and Preorder](./Binary_Trees/BT18_Build_Using_In_Pre.java)
Build tree when inorder and preorder traversals are given.

* [Build Tree Using Inorder and Postorder](./Binary_Trees/BT19_Build_Using_In_Post.java)
Build tree when inorder and postorder traversals are given.

* [Create and insert duplicate nodes](./Binary_Trees/BT20_Create_Insert_Duplicate_Node.java)
 For each node create a new duplicate node, and insert that duplicate as left child of the original node.

* [Find min and max in a binary tree](./Binary_Trees/BT21_Min_Max.java)
 Return the minimum and maximum node value in a tree as a pair

* [Find path from root to leaf equals a sum k](./Binary_Trees/BT22_Path_Sum_Root_To_Leaf.java)
 Given a binary tree and a number k, print out all root to leaf paths where the sum of all nodes value is same as the given number k.

* [Print nodes at distance k from node](./Binary_Trees/BT23_Print_Nodes_At_Distance_K.java)
 Given a binary tree, a node and an integer K, print nodes which are at K distance from the the given node.

* [Longest Leaf to root path](./Binary_Trees/BT24_Longest_Leaf_To_Root_Path.java)
 Given a binary tree, return the longest path from leaf to root. Longest means, a path which contain maximum number of nodes from leaf to root.
